Open Marketing and look down the left rail.
p02
Campaigns and Automation you already know.
p03
Everything under them is what we map today.
p04
Think of this list as a lookup table:
p05
a client asks a question, and one of these pages holds the answer.
p06
By the end you'll go straight to the right one.
p07
First, SmartLinks.
p08
These are trackable links you drop into an email or a social post.
p09
When a manager asks whether that link actually brought cars through the bay,
p10
you don't guess.
p11
The page counts clicks, conversions, and the revenue each link earned.
p12
Next, Customer Segments.
p13
A segment is just a saved audience,
p14
a group like win-back or VIP that a campaign gets pointed at.
p15
So when someone asks who a message went to, the trail ends here.
p16
Every campaign starts from a list on this page.
p17
Offers and Promotions.
p18
This is where the discounts live.
p19
A member says their promo code bounced?
p20
Open the offer, check the dates it's valid, and check its status.
p21
Nine times out of ten the code simply expired.
p22
Email Templates.
p23
These are the reusable email layouts the campaigns and the automated lifecycle flows draw from.
p24
They're sorted by moment: cancellation, refund, plan change, retention.
p25
When a client asks what the cancellation email says,
p26
you read it right here, without touching send.
p27
Paid Media, and notice the draft tag on it.
p28
This one matches your members to ad accounts on Meta and Google,
p29
then ties the ad spend back to actual washes.
p30
It's powerful and it's still being built.
p31
Read the tabs, but do not click Sync Now or a row Sync.
p32
Those push audience data out to the ad platforms.
p33
Now the page every technician should bookmark: Deliverability.
p34
Before you ever write "the platform didn't send," come here.
p35
Inbox rate, bounces, spam complaints, and the suppression list.
p36
If an address was suppressed or bounced, the send didn't fail.
p37
The system did exactly what it was told.
p38
Click Referral Program, and watch the breadcrumb.
p39
It jumps you into Settings.
p40
This is refer-a-friend: the reward the referrer gets, the reward the friend gets,
p41
and how many referrals each program has driven.
p42
Same menu, but it lives on the Settings side.
p43
SMS Templates.
p44
The text-message versions.
p45
Watch the character and segment counts here,
p46
because a text that runs long splits into two segments and costs more to send.
p47
Short and tight isn't a style choice on S-M-S.
p48
It's the budget.
p49
RCS Templates, the richer cousin of texting.
p50
Cards, carousels, images.
p51
On a newer phone the member sees the full experience.
p52
On an older one it quietly drops back to a plain text,
p53
and the fallback column tells you how often that safety net is in place.
p54
Mobile Content Blocks, back on the Settings side.
p55
This is what a customer sees inside the app:
p56
the promo banner, the card rail, the announcements.
p57
It's a live editor, so treat it gently.
p58
Read the layout.
p59
Do not click Save and Publish.
p60
Last one, Push Campaigns.
p61
This is where the app's push notifications get written and scheduled,
p62
with a preview of how they'll look on a lock screen.
p63
It's a compose-and-send surface, so we only name it.
p64
Do not start a new campaign and do not publish.
p65
Read it and move on.
p66
That's the whole menu.
p67
Links to SmartLinks, audiences to Segments, discounts to Offers,
p68
wording to the template pages, ad matching to Paid Media, and inbox health to Deliverability.
p69
Learn the map now, so when a client's win-back texts go quiet in one town,
p70
you already know the two pages that explain it before anyone files a bug.